//
// Copyright Siemens AG, 2017-2018. Part of the SW360 Portal Project.
//
// All rights reserved. This configuration file is provided to you under the
// terms and conditions of the Eclipse Distribution License v1.0 which
// accompanies this distribution, and is available at
// http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/edl-v10.php
//

[[resources-releases]]
=== Releases

The Releases resource is used to create and list releases.


[[resources-releases-list]]
==== Listing releases

A `GET` request will list all of the service's releases.

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_releases/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_releases/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_releases/http-response.adoc[]

===== Links
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_releases/links.adoc[]


[[resources-releases-list-with-fields]]
==== Listing releases with fields

A `GET` request will list all of the service's releases. The `fields` parameter defines which component object properties should be contained in the response.

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_releases_with_fields/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_releases_with_fields/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_releases_with_fields/http-response.adoc[]

===== Links
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_releases_with_fields/links.adoc[]


[[resources-releases-get-by-externalids]]
==== Listing by external ids

A `GET` request will get all releases corresponding to external ids +
The request parameter supports MultiValueMap (allows to add duplicate keys with different values)

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_releases_by_external-ids/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_releases_by_external-ids/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_releases_by_external-ids/http-response.adoc[]


[[resources-release-attachment-info-get]]
==== Listing attachment info

A `GET` request will get all attachment information of a release.

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_release_attachment_info/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_release_attachment_info/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_release_attachment_info/http-response.adoc[]


[[resources-release-attachment-get]]
==== Download attachment

A `GET` request will allow you to download an attachment of a release. +
Please set the Accept-Header `application/*`. Only this Accept-Header is supported.

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_release_attachment/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_release_attachment/http-response.adoc[]


[[resources-release-get]]
==== Get a single release

A `GET` request will get a single release.

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_release/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_release/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_release/http-response.adoc[]

===== Links
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_release/links.adoc[]


[[resources-release-update]]
==== Update a release

A `PATCH` request is used to update an existing release

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_update_release/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_update_release/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_update_release/http-response.adoc[]

===== Links
include::{snippets}/should_document_update_release/links.adoc[]


[[resources-release-delete]]
==== Delete a release

A `DELETE` request is used to delete an existing release

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_delete_releases/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_delete_releases/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_delete_releases/http-response.adoc[]
